openssl-genrsa: add page (#4050)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/openssl-genrsa.md

# openssl genrsa

> > OpenSSL command to generate RSA private keys.

Reviewer: How about a more information link?

```suggestion
> OpenSSL command to generate RSA private keys.
> More information: <https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.0.2/man1/genrsa.html>.
```

Just for future reference although this URL has a specific version in it, this is probably fine because according to  [this page](https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man1/openssl.html) the `genrsa` subcommand has been superseded by the `genpkey` subcommand apparently.

> > Openssl command to generate RSA private keys. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> OpenSSL command to generate RSA private keys. 
```

- Generate an RSA private key of 2048 bits to stdout:

`openssl genrsa`

> - Generate an RSA private key of an arbitrary number of bits, and save it to {{output_file}}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Save an RSA private key of an arbitrary number of bits to the output file:
```

`openssl genrsa -out {{output_file.key}} {{1234}}`

> - Generate an RSA private key and encrypt it with aes256. You will be prompted for a passphrase:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate an RSA private key and encrypt it with AES256 (you will be prompted for a passphrase):
```
